at night day for the stubborn
because there was the quartet of us in
the moon park to close the trilogy that
had proposed with weird bipolar and
stubbornly this new said they just
submit 21 37 at that time started the
show that lasted a little more than two
absolutely full hours the moon park
to receive the Uruguayans once more
with this proposal that has a lot of
intellectual game in your letters letters
very long that roberto much renders
tribute to his memory the truth that is not
mistakes never and his audience also the
public sings the songs of the quartet
from us from end to end are really
very long and made the presentation of the disc
stubborn part all us but in turn
interspersed many of the songs that
they got deep into the public of
Argentina like weird songs or
bipolar songs plus some other
there it appeared I'm someone the drummer in
a very fun time with someone
singing there in front and all the
musicians exchanging instruments
there were also times for it to
luciera santiago is sailing with his humor
with works that have a bit more than
parodies if you want there with
in love with you or do not invite you to my
birthday many proposal in multimedia
each of the songs was
accompanied by different leitmotiv that
they recreated the meaning of that exhibition and
also good allowed to do as a
kind of acting if you want when
we are or all pass through my ranches
milonguita species that closes porfiado
he was also there very seated with his
guitar and a very good night stand
presentation of the quartet of us that well
they sounded in the moon park that Friday
[Applause]
yes
[Music]
sure everything was alone
yes
true
up to my truth